Some of the user visible news were:


Version: 1.12.6

  New command 'el-search-repository' to search the worktree or a
  specified revision of a repository.

Version: 1.12.5

  The prefix argument of 'el-search-pattern' provides now analogue
  functionalities as for 'el-search-query-replace': It normally
  resumes the last search; 0 restarts the search and a negative or C-u
  C-u prefix arg lets you choose an older search to resume.

  'el-search-jump-to-search-head' has been renamed to
  'el-search-jump'.  The meaning of the prefix arg has been limited to
  the jump-by-matches applications, everything else can now be
  accomplished with 'el-search-pattern'.

Version: 1.12.4

  Key syntax cleanup: In some cases the code used to bind some keys
  twice: it bound events E1 and E2 where in some environments hitting
  a certain key generates E1 in in others E2 where E2 is normally
  translated into E1.  For example, the code created bindings for
  "\C-j" and also for [(meta return)], although binding only "\C-j"
  would suffice because in environments where [(meta return)] is
  created it would be immediately translated to "\C-j".

  That means that should you add a binding for the event that is
  generated only in some environments like [(meta return)] in the
  respective key map you would get the effect that your binding
  shadows the el-search binding in some environments and in others
  not.  If you experience something like that, check your init file if
  you do something like that.

Version: 1.12.2

  Some changes to the 'el-search-query-replace' prompt to make it
  shorter.  The keys o and e to show and ediff the replacement changed
  to e and E ("edit", "Ediff").

Version: 1.12.1

  Like searches, 'el-search-query-replace' sessions are now also
  internally represented by objects with state, which means you can do
  similar things: Resuming or restarting sessions can be achieved by
  calling the command `el-search-query-replace' with a prefix arg.
  The new command 'el-search-query-replace-to-register' lets you save
  the current session to a register.

  The 'el-search-query-replace' user interface also got a new key "/"
  that replaces all remaining matches in the current buffer
  automatically and then suspends the session.  This gives you the
  chance to check if everything is alright in that buffer before you
  continue with the next file or buffer by resuming that session.

Version: 1.11.3

  When copying large parts of an *El Occur* buffer to the kill ring
  (large here means "includes file headlines"), or you save an
  *El Occur* buffer, matches are surrounded with --> <-- text markers
  so that they are better visible when you send the output to someone
  else, for example.  This can be turned off or be configured with the
  new user option 'el-search-occur-match-markers'.

Version: 1.11.1

  Eldoc now displays signatures of search patterns for the search
  pattern prompt.

  Some 'display-buffer' actions have been slightly changed.

Version: 1.10.2

  New help command 'el-search-list-defined-patterns' listing all
  currently defined pattern types.

Version: 1.10.1

  El-search now shows hints in the search pattern prompt when the new
  user option 'el-search-display-mb-hints' is non-nil (the default).
  This includes pointing to errors in the input and showing a match
  count preview.

Version: 1.9.7

  Changed default binding schemes: For reasons of harmonization, in
  both searches and in el-search-occur both of basic keys s, r and n, p
  now move to the next or previous match.

  The default binding of 'el-search-continue-in-next-buffer' therefore
  has been moved from n to x respectively.

Version: 1.9.5

  'string' and derived pattern types now support expressions evaluting
  to regexps as arguments.  This means you can use 'rx' to construct
  regexps in 'string' patterns, for example.

Version: 1.9.0

  This version adds some help commands available through the C-h help
  prefix.

Version: 1.8.4

  Quitting (C-g) while el-searching now brings you back to the
  starting point like in isearch.

Version: 1.8.3

  `el-search-query-replace' now adds undo boundaries for each manual
  replacement so that afterwards `undo' undoes replacements
  step-by-step similar to vanilla `query-replace'.

Version: 1.8

  Several improvements in `el-search-query-replace':

  It's now possible to edit the replacement in a separate buffer
  without interrupting `el-search-query-replace', and to ediff the
  current replacement with the current match (new keys 'o' and 'e').
 
  Hitting the 'r' key now toggles between replacing a match without
  moving and restoring the match.

  After replacing a match with 'r', the key to go to the next match
  changed from 'n' to 'y' which should feel more natural.

  Depending on the value of the new user option
  `el-search-query-replace-stop-for-comments',
  `el-search-query-replace' can now interrupt automatic replacement
  when it's not able to unumbigously assign comments in the current
  match to the replacement.

Version: 1.7.15

  *El Occur* buffers are now initially unfolded.

Version: 1.7.8

  Similar to isearch, el-search now opens invisible text.

Version: 1.7.7

  The new scroll commands `el-search-scroll-down' and
  `el-search-scroll-up', bound to C-S-next and C-S-prior, or v and V
  respectively, perform by-match scrolling: `el-search-scroll-down'
  scrolls the next matches after `window-end' into view, i.e. it
  selects the first match after `window-end'.  Likewise,
  `el-search-scroll-up' selects the last match before `window-start'.

  You can now explicitly terminate (pause) search and query-replace
  sessions by hitting RET.

Version: 1.7.5

  The meaning of the prefix argument of
  `el-search-jump-to-search-head' (C-J or M-s e j with the default
  bindings) has been extended: A numeric prefix N jumps to the Nth
  match after `window-start', while a negative prefix -N jumps to the
  Nth match before `window-end'.  Prefix 0 jumps to the match
  following point, which is also useful to resume the current search
  from any buffer position.  A former search can now be made current
  with a plain C-u prefix arg.


Version: 1.7.3

  Match highlighting faces have been improved to look better on text
  terminals.  Matches in *El Occur* buffers are now highlighted with a
  separate face.

Version: 1.7

  Signature and semantics of non-interactive function
  `el-search-forward' have been further adapted to that of the vanilla
  search function `search-forward'.  The counterpart
  `el-search-backward' has been added.

  The new key bindings < and > let you directly jump to the first and
  to the last match in a buffer.

Version: 1.6.5

  When the new user option `el-search-allow-scroll' is enabled (the
  default), scrolling doesn't deactivate the current el-search.
  Unlike isearch you can scroll the current match offscreen - use
  `el-search-jump-to-search-head' (C-J or M-s e j when using the
  suggested key bindings) to jump back to the current match.

Version: 1.6.1

  New function `el-search-looking-at', the el-search version of
  `looking-at'.

Version: 1.5.2

  The new command `el-search-to-register' allows to save the current
  search (including its state) to a register and later make that
  search current again with `jump-to-register' (C-x r j).

Version: 1.5.1

  The new command `el-search-ibuffer-marked-buffers' el-searches the
  marked buffers in *Ibuffer*.

Version: 1.5

  The new function `el-search-install-bindings-under-prefix' can be
  used to install repeatable versions of the el-search commands under
  a prefix key.

Version: 1.4.0.15

  The new option value 'ask-multi for el-search-auto-save-buffers,
  which is also the new default, makes el-search only prompt for
  whether to save buffers for multi-buffer query-replace sessions.
  For single buffer sessions, no prompt, and you can/should save
  yourself.  I find that behavior slightly more convenient than 'ask
  in most cases.

